README.md, before:

# aicommits-rs
----------------

[![Crate Status](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/aicommits-rs.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/aicommits-rs)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/EtaCassiopeia/aicommits-rs/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)]()
[![Docs Status](https://docs.rs/aicommits-rs/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/crate/aicommits-rs/)

A CLI that writes your git commit messages for you with AI. This project was inspired by [AI Commits](https://github.com/Nutlope/aicommits) and has been ported to Rust.

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/2EVq8BXjmr0CUpfmDh42s8Nux.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/2EVq8BXjmr0CUpfmDh42s8Nux)

> All the commit messages in this repo were generated by this tool.

## Installation

1. Install Rust and Cargo. Then run:

```bash
cargo install aicommits-rs
```

2. Retrieve your API key from [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)

   > Note: If you haven't already, you'll have to create an account and set up billing.
3. Set your API key as an environment variable:

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY=<your_api_key>
```

## Usage

```bash
aicommits-rs
```

## How it works

This CLI tool uses `git diff` to obtain all of the most recent code changes, and then sends them to OpenAI's GPT-3 to generate a commit message that is returned. If the returned commit message is not satisfactory, you can run the command again to generate a new commit message, otherwise you can use the returned commit message to commit your changes.

> Note: An error may occur when the number of changes being made to a file is too large for the OpenAI API to process. To avoid this error, try reducing the number of staged changes or writing your own commit message. 

> Note: This tool is still in development, and is not guaranteed to work as expected.

Commit message:

fix: Update README and release workflow to reflect removal of aarch64-macos and aicommits-rs.rb Homebrew formula

README.md, after:

# aicommits-rs
----------------

[![Crate Status](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/aicommits-rs.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/aicommits-rs)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/EtaCassiopeia/aicommits-rs/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)]()
[![Docs Status](https://docs.rs/aicommits-rs/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/crate/aicommits-rs/)

A CLI that writes your git commit messages for you with AI. This project was inspired by [AI Commits](https://github.com/Nutlope/aicommits) and has been ported to Rust.

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/2EVq8BXjmr0CUpfmDh42s8Nux.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/2EVq8BXjmr0CUpfmDh42s8Nux)

> All the commit messages in this repo were generated by this tool.

## Installation

### Using Cargo

1. Install Rust and Cargo. Then run:

```bash
cargo install aicommits-rs
```

2. Retrieve your API key from [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)

   > Note: If you haven't already, you'll have to create an account and set up billing.
3. Set your API key as an environment variable:

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY=<your_api_key>
```

### Homebrew (Mac Only)

Run the following command to install the latest version of the CLI tool:

```bash
brew install EtaCassiopeia/tap/aicommits-rs
```

### Linux
run the following command to install the latest version of the CLI tool:

```bash
curl -L //TBD
```

## Usage

```bash
aicommits-rs
```

## How it works

This CLI tool uses `git diff` to obtain all of the most recent code changes, and then sends them to OpenAI's GPT-3 to generate a commit message that is returned. If the returned commit message is not satisfactory, you can run the command again to generate a new commit message, otherwise you can use the returned commit message to commit your changes.

> Note: An error may occur when the number of changes being made to a file is too large for the OpenAI API to process. To avoid this error, try reducing the number of staged changes or writing your own commit message. 

> Note: This tool is still in development, and is not guaranteed to work as expected.
